# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 45ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 47ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 34ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 36ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 30ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 32ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 45ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 46ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 34ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 36ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 34ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 36ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 30ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 32ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 32ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 33ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 36ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 37ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 33ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 34ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 37ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 39ms

