# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 37ms
  [gap of 10ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 47ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 39ms
  [gap of 10ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 49ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 34ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 43ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 34ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 35ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 28ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 30ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 34ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 43ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 48ms
  [gap of 10ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 59ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 45ms
  [gap of 15ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 60ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 40ms
  [gap of 10ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 50ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 34ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 44ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 53ms
  [gap of 11ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 64ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 35ms
  [gap of 11ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 46ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 37ms
  [gap of 10ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 47ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 34ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 42ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 36ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 45ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 40ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 49ms

